So in previous things.
So I created two simple logic things, which is basically if you win, win a game and if you lose a
game, I create it.
If you haven't bought it, please just watch that part.
And now after this, I need to mention basically keystroke things, which is very simple, which is
I'm going to create some key events.
Let me mention as public or public void again, because I'm not returning anything.
And let me mention as key press events, which is the key pressed.
With.
He went so is giving me treatment so in previous cases.
Well, we do need to widescreen monitor.
Okay.
Now there is just nothing.
So in previous things, as you can see, I created one thing which is basically public void paint,
painting that part for the graphics purpose.
Now I need to mention, even for the main mechanism of pedal moving, player moving and everything,
so it will hold all the.
Key mechanisms build.
Or first condition if.
E dot get key you can check your get key for each key have mentioned key codes, which is basically
a right to left or something like that.
So these things and again key event I need to mention here the.
Event.
And last you can check here everything key.
Location key.
So now what I need to mention is basically key week, not 1 to 3.
I need to mention key we care, right?
This is for writing purpose and you can check your everything now.
I will type this because it will take too much part key event.
Not VK.
And once I am giving this right, you can check here.
Right.
So it is not right parenthesis or anything.
If I press write key, it should be moving through the right key.
So what I need to mention is just basically moving that paddle or player.
If this is done now I need to mention constraint to that paddle into to end not moving to the highest
part.
So again, x coordinates greater than or is equal to.
600.
If it's greater than equal to 600 watt, it should be mentioned as Blair X, which is basically x coordinate.
So the 6000, which is basically not going away from that.
Ends.
As I'm mentioning.
Right.
It should be going to the right.
So I need to mention move right in here.
So just let's move our existing.
So I will later create that right and everything.
So what is the right thing?
I will create it later.
So this will be the user defined methods, which is I'm going to create it later part.
Similarly, I need to mention all the things four left.
So I will copy this and let me paste.
And now I'm going to change a few parts, which is basically here if you assume that we left only.
No.
At the end it's player X and it should not be greater than or equal to.
It should strictly less than ten.
So why it not goes to that part?
So it should be ten.
If it's less than or equal to ten.
Set it to ten again.
Else move left.
Not move it.
Move left.
It should be moved to the left.
So this is again user defined method, which I will create later.
Now another thing I need to mention is very basic thing.
And we are closely looking this part and everything.
Now enter entering is basic.
So let me again copy this.
Which is.
Do you think and if I'm user prices enter.
Enter which is basically simple slash and you can check your user press enter.
If.
Play which is players you can check your that's a boolean function and as a starting point instead of
two.
Now I need to mention that starting I mentioned as follows Now I'm making it true.
And now I'm.
We think that if users enters a.
For that purpose.
If users enter enter key just.
Or places in Turkey.
I need to mention bold position X.
Then.
Now I'm mentioning that at at random positions and I made a mistake.
Ball position why again I'm putting it's random position 350 So for the toughness of the game starting
only then ball is direction.
It should be moved downwards, not upward.
So this direction should be minus one.
It should not be goes downward.
So.
And Bold valediction I am mentioning as minus two.
Now.
Blair as you can assume, Blair X should be at 310.
That's enough.
Score.
The starting score should be zero, always total because you can choose as much as you want.
I'm mentioning as 21 only.
So 21 will be higher score and it will create them on the map.
So that will I'm going to generate later.
But.
To avoid any anomalies.
I mentioned earlier this part generator and I guess 3 to 7 is enough.
So I will create that letter and I will tell you what is this?
And this will do.
But now.
Only these things are not enough.
I need to mention one thing here is repaint.
So I will tell you what is the repainting here?
Okay.
So let me show you what my ID is.
Giving the paint is basically creating a rectangle or creating a void in Java 8wt again.
So it's just like the recreation of that void again the paint.
And this is my, this is my this look and this is my ball position exclude.
So now I need to mention move right things, move live things, action, perform things.
Because action event, which is basically the bouncing part and some more things like collisions and
everything I need to mention.
So.
The game plays are only tough job encoding, otherwise creating good and everything is very easy.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to create left and these things.
But before that I need to mention public void.
He released my third year.
And let me tell you why I'm creating.
It's earlier.
Because if.
He went.
E again if I haven't created this earlier.
There may be chances.
Our player will not move that part.
We will not move.
Let me mention again also one important thing.
Key event.
E.
So I'm mentioning these methods earlier.
And after this, now I'm going to create public.
Void.
More outrage.
You write, I already created you write and let me go with this move.
Right?
Play is equal to two because it's a game only.
To.
And X.
Position always goes to as at 20.
By 2020 positions it will be moved.
Similarly, I need to mention for why.
But with a little bit difference as I'm adding here, I'm again putting this left.
As I'm heading in the right position, which is basically plus.
But for the left condition, I need to mention as minus.
So these things are done.
Now, what I need to mention, which is basically actions time starting, time ending, all these things
I need to mention, which is again when another method, public void.
Public void.
Action performed.
Action.
Event.
So it is basically depends on action, not on key pressing.
They were the first timer I mentioned already.
It should be start at a starting position.
Start.
After this.
If a player is going to play.
So if play.
Which is always false at the starting, but it will create a new rectangle for me.
So new.
So action performed is basically creating a main layout of your energy.
So.
I already created inside parts of that jigger, that ball and everything.
But what about the templates?
So I need to create one template, so I'm going to include that in everything rectangle.
With pole position.
X.
From my ball position.
Why?
Now I guess 20 by 20 is enough rectangle for me.
With some intersecting methods.
Again, it's very complex and intersects.
With another new rectangle.
So it's just like overlaying on two rectangles with.
Blair.
It's because there should be a player also at the starting.
Otherwise, it will be no use of game 30.
And I guess it is how it is mentioned and everything is mentioned.
And very skewing data.
No, not.
Join me for this bunch.
So.
So I'm not under the rectangle.
Now I need to mention the ball y direction.
Is equal to minus of ball by direction.
Which is basically very similar like it should be coincident at the starting point and ball x direction.
The starting, it should be minus two.
ElseIf I need to create another thing because I need to create random things here.
So I will create different, different parts.
I'm going with three parts here, so I'll see if I'm going to create here another method I'll see,
which is another condition I need to mention.
Similar things I need to I'm going to create that ball positioning, ball position Y and everything
here.
So let me do one thing here.
Let me copy this part.
Because I don't want to again and again use such things.
Let me mention.
So what are the different things series or player X?
As I mentioning, as 550.
It should be 550.
There is no errors.
But let me do one thing.
It's basically here.
Let me mention it's 30.
With 40.
This is enough.
And.
Four in height, dizziness.
So I created this similar thing.
Or let me do one thing here.
Let me go with first 70 part 25, 50 and 40, which is basically little bit but part.
Of anything and.
In this again, the similar thing, but I will change a little bit here.
Bold direction is going to become bold.
It's direction.
Let's one so.
It will move a little bit upward.
Now I am again copying this.
And this time is something new, which is basically.
With 30.
You should be what I should be it only I'm not going to change the height of Blair, which is basically
height of pedal.
Ball position, and this time it's one single condition only.
So this is basically our game logic.
Now I need to mention the collision with our ball.
So.
Collision with the ball I need to mention, then.
Well, let me check what I created already.
Ideas?
No, actually, you want to basically also.
In this section event, I created e only t.
So I will create one thing here, which is basically our ball code collision in the next part.
In that thing, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create one method which is going to collide on
that ball or collide on that platform.
It will bounce.
So I will create such thing in next momentum.
Hope you can understand.
Thank you.